NPM Only Components (#360)
Financial-Times/origami-website: _components/code.md

---
title: Code Structure & Languages
description: An overview of Origami component code structure, languages, and conventions.
cta: Learn more about component code

# Navigation config
nav_display: true
nav_label: Code
nav_order: 12
---

# {{page.title}}

> The <a href="/TODO-why-we-deprecated-the-spec">Origami component specification is now deprecated</a>. How Origami components are built is under active development and may change as Origami tooling and services are updated too. This is a non-normative reference for contributing to or creating new components.

Reviewer: Need to update this link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <a href="https://origami.ft.com/blog/2021/06/01/newsletter/#the-origami-specification-is-no-more">Origami component specification is now deprecated</a>. How Origami components are built is under active development and may change as Origami tooling and services are updated too. This is a non-normative reference for contributing to or creating new components.
```
